Draft NEWS for 0.2 release (#6)
geoarrow/geoarrow.github.io: news/release-0-2.qmd

`geoarrow-rs` is now split into the following crates:

- [`geoarrow-schema`](https://docs.rs/geoarrow-schema): GeoArrow geometry type and metadata definitions.
- [`geoarrow-array`](https://docs.rs/geoarrow-array): GeoArrow array definitions.
- [`geoarrow-cast`](https://docs.rs/geoarrow-cast): Functions for converting from one GeoArrow geometry type to another.

These core crates are relatively stable and support the full GeoArrow 0.2 specification.

Additional crates are under development but not quite released for public usage. Native Rust integration with GeoParquet will be released soon. Support for other file formats like FlatGeobuf, GeoJSON, CSV, and Shapefile is under development, as are geometry operations backed by the [`geo`](https://docs.rs/geo) crate or by linking to GEOS.

### C/C++

The geoarrow project also includes [C/C++ bindings](https://geoarrow.org/geoarrow-c) to produce and
consume GeoArrow arrays from C based languages. The scope of geoarrow-c is more limited than

> that of geoarrow-rust; however, it does include a purpose-built WKT/WKB readers/writers and can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that of geoarrow-rust; however, it does include a purpose-built WKT/WKB reader/writer and can
```

  use PyArrow data structures for input/output but use various GeoArrow implementations
  under the hood to do the actual crunching.

The changes since the 0.1 release were mostly structural; however new spec features were
also added including support for the box type and support for non-PROJJSON CRS encodings.

Whereas `geoarrow-pyarrow` and `geoarrow-types` are aimed squarely at the PyArrow
ecosystem, [`geoarrow-rust`](https://geoarrow.org/geoarrow-rs/python) provides an

> experimental set of compute and IO functions with input/output based on

Reviewer: I love feature-rich -> experimental 😅 I agree it's more accurate for the moment haha
